Add more information about overriding identity to documentation (#219)
jazzband/django-analytical: docs/features.rst

    Alternatively, add one of the variables to the context yourself
    when you render the template.

Changing the identity
*********************

If you want to change identity of the user, that different providers are
sending, you can do it by setting the `analyitcal_identity` context variable::

    context = RequestContext({'analytical_identity': user.uuid})
    return some_template.render(context)

or in the template::

    {% with analytical_identity=request.user.uuid|default:None %}
        {% analytical_head_top %}
    {% endwith %}

> If you want to change the identity only for specific provider, use the
> `*_identity` context variable, where `*` is prefix specified on the provider
> page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to change the identity only for specific provider use the
``*_identity`` context variable, where ``*``-prefix is the module name
of the specific provider.
```

    Alternatively, add one of the variables to the context yourself
    when you render the template.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Two empty lines should be enough.

Changing the identity
*********************

If you want to override the identity of the logged-in user that the various
providers send you can do it by setting the ``analytical_identity`` context
variable in your view code:

.. code-block:: python

    context = RequestContext({'analytical_identity': user.uuid})
    return some_template.render(context)

or in the template:

.. code-block:: django

    {% with analytical_identity=request.user.uuid|default:None %}
        {% analytical_head_top %}
    {% endwith %}

> or in context proessor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or by implementing a context processor:
```

.. code-block:: python

    # FILE: myproject/context_processors.py
    from django.conf import settings

    def get_identity(request):
        return {
            'analytical_identity': 'some-value-here',
        }

    # FILE: myproject/settings.py
    TEMPLATES = [
        {
            'OPTIONS': {
                'context_processors': [
                    'myproject.context_processors.get_identity',
                ],
            },
        },
    ]

That allows you as a developer to leave your view code untouched and
make sure that the variable is injected for all templates.

If you want to change the identity only for specific provider use the

> ``*_identity`` context variable, where ``*``-prefix is the module name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``*_identity`` context variable, where the ``*`` prefix is the module name
```
